Why do Farts stink?  So that Deaf people can enjoy them too.;
Today I saw a dwarf clibing down a prison wall.  I thought to myself That's a little condescending.;
Why did the Hedgehog cross the road?  To see his Flat Mate.;
Why does it take 1 million sperm to fertilize one egg?  They wont stop to ask directions.;
Whats the difference between Big Foot and an intelligent man?  Big Foots been spotted several times.;
What do you call a handcuffed man?  Trustworthy.;
What did the fish say when he hit a concrete wall?  Dam.;
Why is divorce so expensive?  Because its worth it.;
What is black white and red all over?  A skunk with nappy rash.;
Why did the man jump out of the window?  He wanted to catch a butterfly.;
Why did the monkey put a piece of steak on his head?  He thought he was a griller.;
What do you call a deer with no eyes?  No eye deer.;
What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?  Still no eye deer.;
Why was six afraid of seven?  Because seven eight nine.;
Why did the dinosaur walk across the road?  Because chickens were not invented yet.;
What has four wheels and flies?  A rubbish truck.;
Whats brown and sticky?  A stick.;
When were vowels invented?  When u and i were born.;
Whats orange and sounds like a parrot?  A carrot.;
What do you call a sheep with no head and legs?  A fuzz ball.;
What do you call a fairy that hasnt bathed in a year?  Stinkerbell.;
When is it a good time to eat a window?  When its jammed.;
Whats the difference between a tractor and a giraffe? One has hydraulics the other has highbollocks.;
What kind of band doesnt play music?  A highbred.;
If one is single and two is a couple and three is a crowd what is four and five?  9 (5+4);
What do you get when you cross a parrot and a lion?  I dont know, but when it talks youd better listen.;
Why do giraffes have long necks?  Because they have smelly feet.;
Why did the orange use suntan lotion?  He started to peel.;
Where does an elephant go when he wants to lie down?  Anywhere he pleases.;
What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?  You are too young to smoke.;
What did the fish say to the seashores?  Can I ride on you seashorse?;
Why did Cinderella get kicked off the baseball team?  Because she ran away from the ball.;
A man went to play golf for the day. He took his golf clubs and two pairs of pants. What were the extra pants for?  In case he got a hole-in-one.;
Why didnt the skeleton cross the road?  Because it had no guts.;
I have 3 heads 5 legs 7 arms and 444 fingers. What am I?  A liar.;
What do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo?  Holes all over Australi;
What goes ha ha plonk?  Someone laughing their head off.;
What do you get when you cross a duck with cheese?  Cheese and quackers.;
What monster sits on the end of your finger?  The bogie man.;
What did the computer screen say to the keyboard after it went for a ride?  That was a harddrive.;
What is a pirates favourite letter?  R(Arrrrrggggh);
Why did the cow jump over the moon?  Because the farmer had cold hands.;
How do you make a tissue dance?  Put a little boogie in it.;
How do you get a man to stop biting his nails?  Make him wear shoes.;
Why do chicken coops have two doors?  Because if it had four doors its be a chicken sedan.;
What is the difference between a tick and a lawyer?  A tick falls off you when you die.;
Whats the definition of mixed emotions?  When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your new car.;
What do call a lawyer with an IQ of 50?  Your Honor.;
How do you know if a restaurant has a clown as a chef?  When the food tastes funny;
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law;
What kind of photos to teeth take? Toothpics!;
Jokes about air conditioners? Not a fan.;
When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline becomes apparent.;
What do you call a dog that does magic tricks? A labracadabrador.;
Whats it called when a chameleon cant change its colors anymore? A reptile dysfunction.;
Why did the cross-eyed teacher get fired? She couldnt control her pupils.;
Where do the poor meatballs live? The sphaghetto!;
As a wizard I like turning things into glass. I just wanted to make that clear.;
What do you call a blind dinosaur? Do-you-think-he-saurus;
What is the difference between girl spaghetti and man spaghetti? Meatballs.;
Why did the mermaid start wearing seashells? Because she out grew out of B-shells. ;
Did you hear the joke about the broken submarine? It didnt go down well;
How do you know when the moon has enough to eat? When its full.;
What do you give a cannibal that shows up late to dinner? A cold shoulder.;
What do you call a police officer in bed? An undercover cop!;
Why did the pizza maker run from the mafia? He owed them a lot of dough!;
What is the difference between a dirty bus station and a shrimp with breast implants? One is a crusty bus station while the other is a busty crustacean.;
What did the painting say to the wall? I go you covered.;
Did you hear about the man who was on trial for feeding his cows dynamite? The jury said it was A-BOMB-IN-A-BULL.;
What is the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo? A Hippo is really heavy but a Zippo is a little lighter!;
Can a ninja throw a star? Shur-he-can!;
What did one eye say to the other eye? Something smells between us!;
Do you think if I made a belt of wrist watches it would be a waist of time?;
I’m going to quit my job, and start inspecting mirrors. It’s a career I can really see myself doing.;
Met my ex gf at the gym. Stopped going to that gym because we didn't work out.;
Why did the pretzel call the cops? Because he was a salted.;
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!;
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!;
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.;
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.;
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.;
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.;
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!;
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.;
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.;
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.;
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.;
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.;
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.;
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.;
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.;
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.;
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!;
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!;
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.;
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.;
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.;
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!;
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.;
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.;
What's brown and sticky? A stick.;
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.;
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.;
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.;
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.;
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.;
Can February March? No, but April May!;
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!;
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.;
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.;
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.;
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.;
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!;
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.;
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.;
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.;